Project Composition (#1584)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/managing_extension_studio.adoc

> = Managing Extensions the Studio

Reviewer: Save the SEO, add a description :) (for the google robots)
```suggestion
= Managing Extensions in the Studio
:description: The Bonita platform is highly extensible so we created a dedicated view to manage the extensions of your project
```

The Bonita platform is highly extensible so we created a dedicated view to manage the extensions of your project

== Opening the extensions view
The extensions view is opened from the Studio cool bar.

== Adding Extensions

> From the extension view you can add the following extension to your project:

Reviewer: You must add a blank line before the bullet list, else the bullet list is not created and you just and with words separated by stars (the preview could have helped you here ^^')

```suggestion
From the extension view you can add the following extension to your project:

```

* Connectors
* Actor Filters
* REST API Extensions
* Themes
* Any Java library required for your project

> The extensions can be added through different channels that we will describe in the below chapters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such extensions can be added through different channels described in the below chapters.
```

=== Bonita Marketplace

> The Bonita Marketplace contains all the extensions officially supported by Bonitasoft. It will long-term also include all the extensions shared by the community.

Reviewer: We do not make promise in the documentation, it doesn't help the user reading the page and it often lead to false content in the future

```suggestion
The Bonita Marketplace contains all the extensions provided and supported by Bonitasoft.
```

> === From a repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== From a Maven repository
```

> If the extension you are looking for is available in a public or private Maven repository, you can use the artifact IDs (group ID, artifact ID & Version) to add them to your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the extension you are looking for is available in a public or private Maven repository, you can use the maven coordinates (group ID, artifact ID & Version) to add them to your project.
```

=== From a local file

> For the extensions that aren't published in a repository, you can add them from a local file on your computer. These extensions will be added to your project internal store and will be committed to your project repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For extensions that aren't published in a Maven repository, you can add them from a local file on your computer. Imported extensions are added in the project internal store, an hidden folder in a Bonita project. The internal store is exported with the project (in the .bos archive), and is added to the Git repository of the project. 

[CAUTION]
====
It is not recommended to add too many dependencies in the internal store, it makes your project heavier. This mechanism should be used to test artifacts under development, and for the artifacts that cannot be deployed on a Maven repository.
====
```

== Removing an extension

> You can also remove extensions from this view. This is always a risky operation but you will be warned of the possible impacts detected of the deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extensions can be removed from the extension view.

[WARNING]
====
Removing an artifact might lead to errors if the artifact is used in the project. The Studio tries to detect such impacts and to alert the user before the deletion, but some specific cases cannot be detected, especially for REST API Extension usages.
====
```

== Updating an extension
Extensions coming from the Bonita Market place can automatically be upgraded to their latest version. All you need to do is click on "Update to latest version". This button is displayed only if an update is available.

Other extensions can be updated manually with the "Update" button. This button is always displayed and can also be used to downgrade an extension. Depending on the change, you may have to manually update your project consequently.

== Detailed extension view

> Each extension displayed in the extension view can be clicked to view more information on them such as the list of implementation or connectors are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details are available for extensions of type _Connector_, _Actor filter_ and _REST API Extensions_. They contain details on the content and the usages of the extension, and can be accessed by clicking on the extension title. 
```

> = Managing Extensions in the Studio

Reviewer 2: Overall, make sure you know if you write "Extension view", "Extensions view", "extensions view" or "extension view", and then stick to it.

:description: The Bonita platform is highly extensible so we created a dedicated view to manage the extensions of your project

The Bonita platform is highly extensible so we created a dedicated view to manage the extensions of your project

> 

Reviewer 2: We can have a sentence and a link to the project structure page.
We also need to explain the difference between provided and custom (you need to have your developers create them).
Here, as well as in the project structure page.

== Opening the extensions view

> The extensions view is opened from the Studio cool bar.

Reviewer 2: Naming the icon tooltip would be nice; adding the icon visual would help.

== Adding Extensions
From the extension view you can add the following extension to your project:

* Connectors
* Actor Filters

> * REST API Extensions

Reviewer 2: REST API extensions seem to be a special case, aren't they?

* Themes
* Any Java library required for your project

Such extensions can be added through different channels described in the below chapters.

> === Bonita Marketplace

Reviewer: Section name consistency

```suggestion
=== From the Bonita Marketplace
```

> The Bonita Marketplace contains all the extensions provided and supported by Bonitasoft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bonita Marketplace contains all the extensions provided and supported by Bonitasoft. It is accessible from the extension view.
```

=== From a Maven repository

> If the extension you are looking for is available in a public or private Maven repository, you can use the maven coordinates (group ID, artifact ID & Version) to add them to your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the extensions you are looking for are available in public or private Maven repositories, use their maven coordinates (group ID, artifact ID & Version) to add them to your project.
```

> Note that you can configure private repositories in the xref:configure-maven.adoc[Studio settings]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might need to xref:configure-maven.adoc[configure your Maven settings] to access such repositories. By default, only the Maven central repository is accessible.
```

=== From a local file

> For extensions that aren't published in a Maven repository, you can add them from a local file on your computer. Imported extensions are added in the project internal store, an hidden folder in a Bonita project. The internal store is exported with the project (in the .bos archive), and is added to the Git repository of the project. 

Reviewer 2: are not
a hidden folder

[CAUTION]
====

> It is not recommended to add too many dependencies in the internal store, it makes your project heavier. This mechanism should be used to test artifacts under development, and for the artifacts that cannot be deployed on a Maven repository.

Reviewer 2: as it makes

The best practice is to add them to the Maven repository.

====

== Removing an extension
Extensions can be removed from the extension view.

[WARNING]
====
Removing an artifact might lead to errors if the artifact is used in the project. The Studio tries to detect such impacts and to alert the user before the deletion, but some specific cases cannot be detected, especially for REST API Extension usages.

> ====

Reviewer 2: artifact --> element

Make sure the element is not used anywhere in the project before your remove it.

== Updating an extension

> Extensions coming from the Bonita Market place can automatically be upgraded to their latest version. All you need to do is click on "Update to latest version". This button is displayed only if an update is available.

Reviewer 2: Marketplace
updated
